# Kick off the Sunday shoes

Shifting focus away from DRIPc data to footloop data as should give high
resolution look at R-loop start sites compared to SSB locations.

Stella sent browser tracks for all that data which are available 
[at this link](http://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgTracks?db=hg19&lastVirtModeType=default&lastVirtModeExtraState=&virtModeType=default&virtMode=0&nonVirtPosition=&position=chr3%3A128900661%2D128903317&hgsid=1061960477_AzLo24AGPf9cdZa26GHovMN4XI9v).

Current plan is to intersect the `footloop_all_peaks` track which basically
is a bed file summarizing all the `SMRF-seq` peak data using bedtools
see if there is correspondence with R-loop initiation and do some visualization
of that with IGV and R.

## Intersection

Intersecting GLOE with footloop data very memory intense for some reason
need to use 45 + gb to run.

## What we want to get out

- Average distance from R-loop initiation sites to the nearest break
- Genes that do or do not show SSB break overlap
- For R-loops that have nearby breaks where are these in relationship to the
R-loop? Are they within the body, upstream downstream etc.

### Visualizing SSB R-Loop relationships

Could do a plot kind of like in the GLOE-paper that centers plot location on
the R-loop initiation site (need to define) and then look at GLOE signal
(reads) as you move away from that site.

## Need to think about

- Some kind of control. How do we know that breaks and loops are related? Are there
enough loops to just show up all over on all genes because of O-frags?
